---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

## AOSSIE Blog

This is the blog site of [AOSSIE](http://aossie.org/). 

We are using [jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) from this [repository](https://github.com/barryclark/jekyll-now). 


## About AOSSIE

**Umbrella Org for Open-Source Projects in Australia**

We are a not-for-profit umbrella organization for open-source projects developed in Australia. We believe the open-source philosophy provides a resource-efficient channel to transfer knowledge and achieve innovation and education.

**We offer the following projects:**

 - Agora (Scala): a library of vote counting algorithms for democratic elections.

 - Scavenger (Scala): an automated theorem prover for first-order logic.

 - Skeptik (Scala): a library of algorithms to manipulate formal proofs generated by automated reasoners such as SAT and SMT solvers.

 - Mind the Word (Javascript, HTML, CSS): a browser extension that helps users to learn new languages.

 - Carbon Footprint (Javascript, HTML, CSS): a browser extension that raises environmental awareness regarding C02 emissions.

 - Computational Philosophy (Isabelle): formalizations of philosophical theories and arguments towards computer-assisted metaphysics, as envisaged by Leibniz.

We have a diverse group of mentors, including GSoC students from previous years who decided to become long-term contributors as well as academics with extensive experience in supervising undergraduate, M.Sc. and Ph.D. students on theses and projects, whose results are often published and presented in the most prestigious conferences of our research fields.

We are looking for excellent students of any level (undergraduate, M.Sc., or Ph.D.), who are interested in becoming long-term collaborators in our projects and in joining the open-source approach to software development. We will evaluate student applications solely on the basis of programming skills, academic merit and the feasibility of the proposals.

### Gitlab

[Click here](https://gitlab.com/aossie/)

